.\" Copyright (c) 2013 Martin Natano <natano@natano.net>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: November 12 2013 $
.Dt OUTDATED-PYTHON-PORTS 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm outdated-python-ports
.Nd compare PYPI releases and the ports tree
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm outdated-python-ports
.Bk -words
.Op Fl m Ar maintainer
.Ek
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
retrieves and compares the packages list provided by PYPI with the ports
recorded in
.Pa ${PORTSDIR}/INDEX
and reports which ports have a newer version available upstream. Ports
that do not use MASTER_SITE_PYPI are not processed.
.Pp
Options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width XXXmaintainer
.It Fl m Ar maintainer
Only display ports that are being maintained by
.Ar maintainer ,
where
.Ar maintainer
is a POSIX extended regular expression matching name and e-mail address.
.El
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
.Bl -tag -width PORTSDIR
.It Ev MIRROR
If this environment variable is set, it is used as the base URL for fetching
Python package information.
.It Ev PORTSDIR
If this variable is set, it is used as the root of the ports tree.
.El
